# 24/06/24 - Weekly Meeting 

## Attendees:  

Robin Long (RL), Faiza Samreen (FS), Gordon Blair (GB), Joe Marsh (JM), Jo Walsh (JW), Alba Gomez Segura (AGS), Matthew Coole (MC), Matt Brown (MB) 

## Absent:

# Actions

- GB to discuss funding for travel with with Mary. 


# Agenda

## RSE Conference

RL unavailable to travel. AGS in spain for conference. JW, MC, and MB wish to attend in person.  GB to discuss funding for travel with with Mary. 
Perhaps request that RSECon allow more of us to remote in for session to give talk / hear it. 

## Project Allocations update / summary

Main projects RSEs are allocated to: 

- JW on Boost and Amplify 
- RL on Boost 
- JM on Boost 
- MB on FDRI 
- MC on FDRI, Digital Solutions, ACCESS-UK 
- AGS on Economics of Biodiversity, Amplify 

Deadline end of next week to log timesheets.   FDRI is a little more crucial.  Should be able to see all our projects from Monday in Workday.
Look at ratios of hours and ensure work is split across projects to match ratios.  If a little under in one quarter can make in the next if needed

iHasco training goes unallocated time.  If it is not from projects goes under unallocated time. 

 

## Vists to other sites

Mary has sent out email to check availability.  All to respond back and we can look at availability for 3 remaining sites.
Can cover with GB and FS at sites with local RSEs, run hybrid? Perhaps look at running some meetings in parallel with a couple of RSEs taking notes for all meeting with each science group. 
Make sure not to leave out Bangor as no RSEs there.  
Make sure to book holidays so Mary can see our availability

## Small requests
Be careful with these small requests as they can easily eat up too much time.   If needed can say "Gordon says no".

## Team communication systems
JW flagged up GitHub discussions with thanks to MC for setting it up.  JM raised concern over when should things be private and whether a private one should exist.  MC raised issue that it is hard to know when to swap between private and public and it can organically swap between the two.  JW concerned that we maybe trying to presolve the problem.   JW had success from these dicsussions and they proved useful.
